#The Roman Room

I walked into the Roman room in a slight fog. I was tired. I had gone 3 nights in a row on 4 hours of sleep each night, working on different projects. I needed to relax and unplug. The city museum was a good place to loose time and wander. I had done this many times. It always gave me a way to link about everything like I would any piece of art. Everything has its own rhythem, beauty.

As I looked up from my obsessive glance to my empty notifications tray in my smartphone, I saw them. Ana was looking at the female sculpture in the northwest corner of the room. The Tara was admiring the ancient silver dishware in the opposite corner, and Jessalyn had her arms crossed, scrutinizing the two-faced busts of gods and couples, standing near Tara. This was a fluke. Pure accident. No reason could explain why each woman would be in the same room with me, unannounced, unplanned, uncoordinated.

Except me.

Ana was a shoe-in for going to the Museum. She was a member. Of course, I had been here with her twice. The first time, I was her friendly companion to a local cultural celebration the city held each spring. It was innocent enough, and neither of us thought anything of it. The second time, we visited the Matisse exhibit. That was much more like a date–and that is about as far as we went before we decided to be just friends.

Jessalyn had been here before. With me. On a first date. Maybe she just wanted to see the art for what it was, without me.

I had told Tara about another exhibit before, and we had been to another local museum just for kicks in the past.

Ana had turned around, glowingly, "Peter, I thought I might find you here!"

The Universe was not trying to put us all together. It was getting ready to tear me apart.

I hadn't counted on running into 3 people that I had dated all in the same room and have them converge on me, but it happened. I greeted Ana, and she garnered the atttention of the other two. I could feel their eyes on me, wondering what was going on. I waved at both of them. They didn't notice each other, but they both drew closer, almost treating the new interaction like it were a cocktail party.

That is when they noticed each other.

Jessalyn almost sneaked away, but I hailed her and she turned, embarrased. Tara smirked. I had told her about my proclivity to dating multiple women at once. This was an absurd microcosm of that, and Tara knew that. The only difference here is that I was not dating any of them at the moment. 
